[SID-1935] Pre-select last used auth method (#291)
slashid/javascript: .changeset/hot-rules-mix.md

---
"@slashid/react": minor
---

> Add possibility to store last used authentication factor and pre-select iton next login

Author: ```suggestion
Add possibility to store last used authentication factor and pre-select it on next login
```
